docs(models): add `sqlTable` property (#6467)
cube-js/cube: docs/content/Schema/Reference/cube.mdx

});
```

You can also specify a table name instead of a SQL statement using the

> [`sqlTable`](#parameters-sql-table) property.

Reviewer: Use snake case here.

> You can also specify a table name instead of a SQL statement using the
> [`sql_table`](#parameters-sql-table) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to prefer the [`sql_table`](#parameters-sql-table) property over the `sql` property for all cubes that are supposed to use queries like this: `SELECT * FROM table`.
```

Reviewer 2: We'll add a link to the style guide later when we add it to the docs.

It'll generate aliases for members such as `ofacts__count`. `sqlAlias` affects
all member names including pre-aggregation table names.

> ### <--{"id" : "Parameters"}--> sql_table

Author: The properties on the page are alphabetically listed, it was in keeping with that 😀

> The `sqlTable` property can be used instead of [`sql`](#parameters-sql) to

Reviewer: Snake case

> The `sql_table` property can be used instead of [`sql`](#parameters-sql) to
> directly specify the name of a table from the data source that will be queried
> by this cube.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `sql_table` property is used as a concise way for defining a cube that uses a query like this: `SELECT * FROM table`. Instead of using the [`sql`](#parameters-sql) property, use `sql_table` with the table name that this cube will query.
```

<CodeTabs>

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Example should follow style guide https://github.com/cubedevinc/cube_style_guide

cube(`Orders`, {

>   sqlTable: `public.orders`,

Reviewer: Snake case
